= Tufão - an asynchronous web framework for C++ built on top of Qt =
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Tufão is a web framework for C++ that makes use of Qt's object communication
system (signals & slots). It features:
  * High performance standalone server
  * Cross-plataform
  * Support modern HTTP features (persistent streams, chunked entities, ...)
  * HTTPS support
  * Lots of tests
  * Timeout support

It uses a patched version of Ryan Dahl's HTTP parser to provide good
performance. The patch provides better integration with Qt to provide better
cross-plataform support and can be found in src/priv/http_parser.patch.

You can generate documentation from the source code using Doxygen. The
documentation will be put on the doc folder in the html and tex formats. There
is also experimental support for Qt compressed help files.

== LICENSE ==
-------------

The library is licensed under the LGPLv3, the documentation is licensed under
GNU Free Documentation License and the example codes are licensed under MIT
license.

The library is dynamic linked against Qt and include code from Ryan Dahl's HTTP
parser. Qt library is licensed under LGPL and Ryan Dahl's HTTP parser is
licensed under MIT.

So, you can create commercial applications (the *only* restriction is that *if*
you do any modifications to *Tufão*, these modifications must be redistributed).

== BUILD ==
-----------

Make sure you have Qt installed, then run:

$ qmake
$ make

Then you will have the folders:
  * build: where temporary build objects are
  * lib: where the shared lib file is

To generate the documentation, just run doxygen using Doxyfile as configuration
file and the documentation will be generated in the folder doc. The
documentation is available in the following formats:
  * HTML: Always generated. It should be in the doc/html folder.
  * latex: You can use this format to generate a pdf. Just run make inside the
    doc/latex folder.
  * Qt Compressed Help file: If you have qhelpgenerator binary tool in the
    system PATH, then the file is generated when you run doxygen and should be
    in doc/html/tufao.qch. If you have qhelpgenerator tool installed, but not
    configured in the system PATH, but still want to generate the documentation
    in this format, just run the tool using doc/html/index.qhp as input file.

Tufão also have a lot of code to test its correctness. These codes are seperated
in one different qmake project for each Tufão class and are located in the
folder tests. If you got Tufão from a git checkout (not a stable release), then
you may be interessed in run these tests. To compile and run them, just run the
execute-tests.sh script.

== INSTALL ==
-------------

The default install prefix is /usr/local, if you don't intend to change it,
just run;

# make install

To install to a different prefix, run:

$ qmake INSTALLDIR=${DESTDIR}
$ make install

The shared library file should be in lib directory.

== USAGE ==
-----------

To use Tufão in your Qt projects, just edit your .pro file and add the line:

<pre>
CONFIG += TUFAO
</pre>

You can find some examples in the examples folder.

If you want use Tufão in other build system, just add the compiler option
-ltufao.

You should also see Tufão documentation integrated in QtAssistant (this feature
is experimental and is recomended to use the documentation in html format).

= ROADMAP =
-----------

Here is a small incomplete roadmap for Tufão:

0.1:
  * Implement Node.js-like API
  * Fully documented
  * Support for GNU/Linux and Windows
  * Tests

0.2:
  * QtCreator plugin for fast project creation
  * Module to serve static files
  * More code examples

0.3:
  * Session/cookies support
  * Forms

0.4:
  * Plugin-based application Server

0.5:
  * Multi-threaded server
